[Music]
Hello farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al
My name is Kevin
And we're here today to talk about car to score games
Roblox
Whoo! Not roguelites this episode. No. Not yet. Not yet. Soon, but not yet. Whoo!
Okay, so yet not yet. Whoo. We are here to talk about cottage core games. Yeah
All right. Well, hi Kevin. How are you doing?
Hi, oh I'm doing I that's a good question. I have to think about that
But I'm here. I play games. I can talk about things things like star birds
Nice
Yeah, this episode we're gonna talk about star birds. This is the new game from the creators of door
romantic and
also the YouTube channel Kurt's Gazette
Okay, that's a weird pedigree, but all right. Um, yeah, yeah
We're gonna talk about that game before that, we have some news,
there's no more news, decent amount of news, but first of all, Kevin, what have you been up to?
Rumors have it I
Can we just talk about copy again? That's what it's okay. I actually don't I
Yeah, if you have some comments on Poco, go for it.
Don't think I have not listened last week's episode yet to be honest So I don't you guys said but I mean like I don't even have that many it's it's dragging quest
Builders to literally the same devs doing get poker. What more do I need in the world?
Yeah. A big, a big, a big part of my complaints about the talk, the people talking about this game online is not enough people having clearly played Dragon Quest Builders too when they're like,
oh, it's like animal crossing or it's like Minecraft. You're like, no, it's like Dragon Quest Builders too. Play more games. Yeah, did we know? I saw someone say that it's the developers. There are help well it's game free
no. Oh my god. Some of those textures are like I think straight out of track and quest builders. It is, yeah, Koi Tecmo. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. And it's clear that those developers are working on it because some of them textures, they're straight out of DQB. And I love game. Why isn't it? I
as well but like it's game free and the developers of Dragon Quest Builders 2.
Yeah, yeah.
don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like it. I don't like it. All right. Okay, let's talk about non existentially horrifying concepts. Wait, have I done anything? No, nothing. Yeah, okay.
Luke, I love it.
Gavin, why have you been up to you?
- I did star birds, that wasn't,
I did. Link, banner of the spark, that game, that was in that one direct, and then the other direct, and then it came out, and I bought it.
It's a road like, it's robots, and they snuck animal crossing in there.
I have many thoughts that may be I'll say for another time, another place, but overall, yeah, like overall, it's not bad, but just the bar's been raised.
Yes, please do. Let's not waste the episode
So, that's a problem. Yeah, yeah, that's, so like, yeah, you're just in the shadows of people who've done it better, but anyways, so yeah, I have been playing it though, and I'm still playing it.
Oh, I'm intrigued. Very impressed.
So, let's see, those are the big ones, I picked up Minecraft because I just get that itch every, I got it like a week before Pacopia was announced, so you know, it wasn't even because of that, but sometimes I just get the itch, so I've been playing that again.
Um, sometimes I just want to make it far mint and-
go caving and what not. Um, no specific project or anything, just-
just puts it around in a blocky world. Um, let's see, what else?
I think that's- is that really- oh, oh, I haven't talked about this in this. I haven't talked about it. It's DZZ.
Oh yeah, this game still exists.
Um, it was like more than a week ago. It does exist. Um, they came out with a good update,
a banger of an update actually. Um, it's about- it's all the current faction.
Um, they're a military squad. Um, they're- they're all females. Um, they all- not all of them, but they-
they all have tragic, like deep backstories are actually pretty good. Um, and, uh, a few of them already been out.
But the- the latest character being added, I'm torn. This is the first one that's really like- I've really been torn. I pulled for them. I got the character.
character. But I... Okay, her name is Seed. She pilots Ameka.
And that's in her gameplay. She has a little like hover scooter, and she shoots little lasers from that, but she'll pull out the mecca every now and then and you fire missiles and shooting lots of guns and stuff. It's very fun. It's dynamic and fun. And I love that element. See the character. She's... She's okay. I think she's kind of fun. She has a sweet backstory. She's like a weirdo character.
character, it isn't. Get a lot of stuff in no interaction.
People almost autistic I would say like they don't label it, but it's coated. That's the word they say, right? Yeah, coated.
Yes. Autistic coded would be the correct way.
Yeah. Yeah, let's say that. Okay. So overall, I think she's so I yeah, there's a lot of stuff. I love about seed.
Here's the problem. She, okay, it is a gacha game. It is bohoyo. So there's no secret. You know, they lean into
whatever type, whatever cells, right? Let's say that. She is, and I think she's the, yeah, yeah. She is the first one in a cross. I think all the different nooyo games I've seen. She is the feat character. And dear God, dear God is a bad. I'm just going to say I that is correct.
Yeah, family friendly.
- Okay.
- I don't know what to say.
So I'm torn because like when, when you pop her oath, like the, her oath is she gets into the mech and you do an extended barrage of miss, like the screen changes like you're, you're in a camera.
Like a sniper scope sort of thing firing. It's very cool. It's very fun. But in that animation, you, you get a close up real good right up to them. And yep.
So there, here I am, cursed with this. I have to work my.
degenerate stuff to get to the fun part. But that said, overall though, yeah, it's fun story about
squad and soldiers who died to appease corporate overlords and people getting revenge for that and
Oh, yes, and super fun.
yeah, it's messy. It's deep. I love it. It is great. Yeah, and there's still going to release another oval squad character I'm going to pull for. She's interesting.
It's a two-in-one character because characters name is Orphy, but then there is a robot gun named Megas, and the robot gun is actually the captain of the squad leader.
Yeah, so it's goofy. Anyways, yeah, it's endless on zero. That's me. I'm still going through that because there's things I like, but then they do stuff that no, why?
Anyways, that feels like a lot of things these days.
Yeah, well, what have I been up to?
What about you? What'd you been up to?
Well, let me check my list.
I have finished study season's grand bazaar.
So I got two credits in two days, which was incredible.
I got the credits for getting to the,
well, I think no, I got the credits for getting married first.
When I say two days, I mean two in game days,
not two real life days.
Oh, oh, oh, that's even wilder.
So I...
So I got engaged and then I, like, two days later I got the, uh, to the top level of the bizarre, but both of those are like delayed by a little bit until they actually finished, right?
So, uh, I got married the next Friday and then on the Saturday is the bizarre and just before the bizarre you have the party forgetting to the highest level of bizarre.
So when you get married, you get the credits and the morning of the bizarre, you
get credits.
So I, credits on the Friday forget married and then on the Saturday I got credits for the bizarre as well, so it was very funny that they're just, they both ended up happening at the same time.
Okay, that's how bizarre how bizarre
Okay, so yeah, yeah, so getting little max level of bizarre. Okay, that makes sense the game is called grand bizarre That would be an appropriate place to put a little credit. It's you know celebration sequence, but the marriage one that's wild
Yeah, I've never a huge fan of how like farming games quite often go like get married is the goal
Like I feel like having a fulfilling life is the goal, right? Like
Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, even just like a, how do I put this in mechanical level? Like every farming game has that and nobody's, you know, it's, it's par for the course. It feels weird to make a big deal out of it when, you know, every game has that like, like, it feels like
Not at never a huge fan of that, but
Sure, it is what it is I guess
I don't know you, Pokemon, you beat a gym.
You get credits for beating a gym, like that's gonna happen, I don't know, I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know. I guess cuz it like takes a lot of effort. I guess is the point right
Alright, well, you beat it to completion credits at least multiple times, so I guess you like them.
Yeah, so then I got to the point where I was like, okay, well, I think I'm done here I'm just kind of like going through the motions now. I didn't really feel like I was doing much So I was like I think I think I'm done here
All right
And considering about it physically it's like decision
made I'm gonna get rid of the game now so think where no I love the game I think it's I think it's my favorite game of the well my favorite farming game of the year so far so I
So you hit it the game actually that's what you're saying
Think it's gonna take some it's gonna take some beating let's put it that way
Well, I'll make sure it doesn't
Remember I haven't chosen who's on the episode yet careful now
Well, irrelevant
So yeah, obviously been playing a little bit
star words as well, not a humongous amount and I guess we'll talk about that why in the episode, but I have been playing it. So yeah, that's probably I don't know. There was something else. Well, I've not got my list up again. Where are we? Oh, yes. I started playing firefly village, which is another farming game that came out and it's very much are starchy like so I don't want to talk about it too much here because
Yum.
Got to use the content in a different episode
Content!
But yeah, I
It's interesting. I will have things to say about it. Let's put it that way
I mean, all right. Yeah, boy a lot it really feels like that 90s anime art aesthetic has really been
Did you see it a lot these days it feels like
Yeah, yeah, that's yeah
Yeah, yeah
You are correct you do see it a lot
All right, I think that's about it. Let's let's let's get to the news. Shall we?
Okay, tell me
First up, we have little rocket lab have announced that their release date is the 7th of October
Okay, okay, okay, I do like this the one we're building rockets. That's cool
Yeah. Yes, it's like a factory, like, yeah, exactly, exactly. And the aimed game of this is to get and build a rocket and go into space.
Factorio satisfactory whatever
Yeah, you're
You're laying down conveyors. There's robot arms wind turbines generating stuff if you like
This is definitely right up your alley
Yep, if you like resource management.
things you'll like this game what can we say?
Well, we'll see we've not played
But it is interesting. I will say like out of all the you know when you hear that when you hear
factorial satisfactory like you don't think you right, but this game has a lot like acute art design
I don't know. I'm, I'm not surprised by anything nowadays.
Yeah, you're right, it's
We we have hit the point where college core games are kind of madlips, right?
You're feeling a couple of blanks and outcomes of concept.
True that
All right, that's a big rock in their building.
Well, that's that's that's the point. That's why it's endgame, you know
Yeah, yeah, you're right, you're right.
You gotta gotta be a good go
And said October, was it seventh?
That's close.
I will, there's a demo.
I will play this demo bare minimum.
[laughter]
There, there they go.
There we go.
Next, we have overthrown.
Have announced that they're 1.0.
So they're currently in early access.
They're 1.0 comes out on the 16th of October.
close. Are you excited for it? No, that's not power that just looks like it, but with that no, that's not breath of the wild link. It just looks like it. But there's more you can throw stuff,
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I've never...
which is fun. That is a fun
Yeah, a lot of this game does interest me.
I haven't much time into it.
Maybe I will at some point.
There's so many games as part of the problem.
The the super fast-tashing that that does look kind of fun. I don't know the question is how much do you do it right like
Because you're there's still building and farming and all this stuff But what if I just want to run around and throw animals or whatever?
That looks like fun
You throw buildings. That's fun
That sheep looks almost like the power of water
All right, but hi good to go for them one piggy
setting 1.0s that's good I like to see that
Next, we have Moonstone Island, the Character Customization Update, is there now?
I every moonstone island update
feel how should I put this it they're all nice stuff they're not saying they're like bad updates
but it always feels like it's not addressing some of the core issues like
they I don't know and and from what I can see maybe it's just me because I think a lot of plant fan bases it's still pretty happy for what i've seen um and it's not a bad game i Play that game to completion, but...
It's not the updates I'm looking for, but I guess more to do with the monsters.
I'm just collecting them, which is, I think, always a problem.
Or not always, but that's one of the bigger problems I have in any creature collector.
What do you actually do with the things, right?
Because a lot of the updates in Moonstone Island specifically are cosmetics.
Here's this new pack of furniture.
You can make, here's your character comes to me.
That's fine and dandy, or sometimes here's a new creature to collect or two.
That's not bad, but it's not giving you a reason to go back into the game.
That's what I want.
I want a reason to go back and really play something I could be excited for.
But, like I said, there are a lot of people who still like it, and people ask for it, so good for them.
Fair enough. So you're not excited about the 36 new clothing items in 20 new 28 new hats and hairs.
well you know what made what hats maybe you know maybe we could talk if I look on all the hats yeah cuz yeah the base hat is a little do it is a little goofy I'll say that so yeah yeah
[laughing]
Yeah, I mean, that's deliberate, right?
Next, we have Center Bunny.
They have released their community events update.
It's out now, on it includes community event.
That's that's a great idea for this game in any village game generally speaking you probably want events and holidays
There's an Aurora view party, a biannual duck derby, a lantern festival, a forest fire, a awareness day, sparkle night,
kite festival, rain festival and the great bunnish beak off.
Oh, that's good. Oh, that's good. Okay, I think so like I okay, first of all, I know that I know the townspeople who on earth
Is it? Is it though?
No one else bakes in that town. Who's gonna challenge me? I want to know I don't know
Yeah, I Aurora Viewing party. I think that's actually very cool. The duck therapy racing rubber duckies on a river. I like that a lot
It's actually kind of cute. I like that. Um, yeah, I I think these are fun. They're not
It's not Valentine's is Halloween Christmas. You know the standard four or five every other game Is so I appreciate it myself. It's a baking game. How could you not want to bake off?
Fair enough
Yeah fair fair point bake off into I just didn't like the name that's all
Oh, sure, the main name might not be great. Yeah, I won't argue you there. Just but I like the idea
Yeah, that's fair
Yeah, oh my gosh, you know, there's a great American bake-off. Why I just I look at it. Why that's that's not big
Is that what they called it as well, but that's but that's funny because like they didn't they didn't because then the
Yeah, yeah, that's what they call it. They miss
The great British bake off is not called that in America. They called that the great British baking show. So why did they call the American one?
Or is it baking show whatever? It's just this would stop British for American. I could be wrong. What is the exact name?
I don't know but the the key point is the ah
the word people
Oh, yeah, no, they did call it the great,
they called it the great American baking show.
But right, there's two things.
One, I still don't understand why they changed it from the great British bake-off to the great British baking show.
Like, I'm sorry, like, I know the joke is that Americans don't understand things as much, right?
Sidewalk, horseback riding, ha ha.
It is a term yeah yeah yeah no I look I'm not I don't get it I don't get it either but the bigger thing is even the reason people watch yes yes okay yes
But we all know those stupid, right?
Like, people, are we really trying to suggest that Americans wouldn't understand bake-off?
Like, is that not a term in America?
That you go, exactly.
So it's like, it's not even like that is a Britishism that you need to get rid of, right?
So that's my first thing.
No, no, no, before, before, no, my second point, right?
Now, this needs to go before your point because this is still about the naming.
Great British, it's because it's great Britain.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're, ooh, that's a good point.
Great American, that's not a thing.
[laugh]
Not yet, maybe under this administration.
[laughs]
[laugh]
And also like, great, great, an America.
Has a, a bit of a bad connotation in some areas.
Shall we say that America, great?
That's all I'm saying.
[laughs]
Maybe don't make your baking show, Maga.
Oh gosh, the main, oh, oh, what's that far back? Oh, wow, I didn't realize that, huh?
That's all I'm saying.
Or, patently, that was right back.
So, okay, technically, yeah, the first episode of the Great American Baking Show was 2015.
Oh, I didn't realize that.
There've only been four seasons.
Oh, I just heard about her recently. Wow, behind the boat each other way.
Oh, it looks like they redid it.
So, they did one season, and then they did a second season, and then let me check the dates.
How you this came back?
So, season, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, so they did 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2018, '19, so that's five,
and then they had like a four-year gap, and then they did, they've done three new seasons.
Oh my gosh, okay, look, I...
It was Roku that brought it back, interesting, so it was ABC, and then Roku did it.
Oh, that's why I'm seeing the ads for it now.
There you go. There you go, now you know.
I just recently got Roroku, okay.
No, I know.
I still say the reason everyone watched it,
'cause it was British and you guys got the accents and you're more charming than the Americans.
You were hosting it.
[laughing]
That's the boy.
And I watch the bunnies baked into your marriage.
And I like some baking shows, but...
That's also a fair point. That's also a fair point
Anyway, I think I mean we can agree that that's a silly show
It's in a bunny.
Those are good events.
Oh, yes, that's what we're talking about we're talking about it's in a bunny
I like that.
Yeah.
Next we have Hello Kitty island adventure have a new event and it is the jam
Jamboree the island has turned into a festival of fruity fun filled with sweet surprises and Barry inspired rewards get ready to win prizes and cute mascot out.
you.
Now when they say a splash of color, they mean pink. Do you like pink? Because everything you will touch will be pink in this update. Yeah, some red. That's a pink derivative at this point. Yeah, in this update, it is. I like the strawberry hat. But other, yeah,
Well, you know, some some red as well. It's not he's a red, you know
He's not how that works
Okay, fair enough
it's fine. It's cute. Did you know how low Katie likes sweets? Do you know that now?
Yes. All right. Next we have an information update from my time ever Shane. So this is the third in the my time that series and there the post is titled current search as in relation. It is. It is. It's like, come on. Like,
Yeah.
Okay. First of all, it's an awful name for update. Yeah.
we're all assuming that everybody's dead now based on that, right? Like, come Come on, what are you doing?
Yeah. Yeah.
Hi, governors. It's been a while as some of notice is September and we still haven't released the first kickstart ability yet in truth
We've been having some problems with the main gameplay loop and it has been impeding our overall progress
We went to give you a quick update on the progress
When we first started planning for ever shine We wanted to give you an experience where you get personal growth roleplay as well as the strategy involved in team and city planning
We would use stats such as money, health, comfort, hunger to help the player mark the milestone
of settlement development, the story would use the stats to create problems for the player to solve pushing it forward at least on paper It looked like a good work well, but as we finally finished all the set reports and combined them into one build at the end of last year The result was unsatisfactory The two styles were in constant conflict the RPG part would send the player out into the field But the strategy part wanted to keep the player in the base the RPG part wanted to the player to do things in
linear fashion, while a strategy part wanted to play it to have more freedom.
We ended up with multiple situations where the story told you to do one thing but the strategy part didn't really need it.
On top of that it was a pain to express all the stats in third person and to keep track of all things.
Nobody wanted to care about Ragnar being hungry again for the sixth time.
It was a mess!
So we decided to make, so we had a decision to make, continue with what the build had and hope we solved the conflicts down the road or spend time tweaking the main loop until we're satisfied.
Of course we chose the second option.
We did discuss if we wanted to go back to a builder type of gameplay but this being the third game we wanted to give players something new.
We went through several iterations trying to find the right balance after 10 months of development we think we're getting pretty close.
We ended up simplifying the strategy parts of the gameplay loop and tilting the game more towards open world exploration and RPG.
Of course due to the gameplay loop tweaks the main story was also tweaked, some players became more important while others had the roles diminished.
The challenges facing the settlement also
got more challenging, the twists are still redacted. Despite the setbacks, development is proceeding at a fast clip the systems, character stories and art assets didn't stop development because of main loop issues. We are doing our best to make available the Kickstarter build soon and we look forward to your feedback. So why find most interesting about this, Kevin?
Yes. Tell me. Yeah. Well, I guess it's for you, I guess then. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know.
Is that it's not a builder anymore? That was what I didn't like about the first game.
It's a third one. That's my first. That's the first thing I thought of. I guess it is, but
that this is interesting because like I first of all, I want to tip my hat towards them because they
this is a very hard thing and a lot of games mess up, not knowing what you want your core thing to be. And especially if you want to do two separate ones, that's hard to do. I think it'd be really hard to do. So it's good for them for acknowledging all that. Now that said, being the third game,
I don't know. It feels a little weird, but it's all right. I'm looking at the trailer. That guy looks like a Nazi. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
[laughs]
Oh, there's no here. I'm dead. Um, but, uh, well, I mean, hey, good for that. Look,
transparency, that's even with the awful title. That's a good thing. That's, you know, that's a key thing. Um, and it sounds like yeah, it's a tough thing they're wrangling with so good for them for trying to deal with it and acknowledging it. Um, yeah, I don't know, I don't know.
What about, uh, what are your thoughts?
I mean, I'm interested in the game more now than I was before
Because like I I you know, I've talked about how I didn't like - time at Porsche and it was it was mainly because of the
You know the the game being the 3d building thing. I didn't like that and so I
Kind of just assumed that this would be the same and therefore didn't really pay much attention to it But if this is different, I'm maybe interested again
Do you find it funny? I'm looking through the comments and like some people are like oh, it's great Just you know do do we need to do and then some people are like I really wish you'd just made the decision to make it back a builder again That's what I like with which is like I get that. Yeah, like I understand why some people would have that opinion like it's a
[laughs]
Yeah Interesting I guess we'll see what it inevitably goes, but I can't see them like I can't really see them changing
Back to that now that they've you know gone with this decision if he was like a decision
Yeah. Yeah.
that they've made and they're gonna stick with it so I guess we'll see we'll see how that goes
All right, well, I guess that's that's the biggest thing. I don't know how will this look like I have no idea cuz they're
Yeah, who knows who it is all righty
I'll see
We have one more piece of news and that is a new game to cover. This is cosmic coop
And I think I'm excited about this one now.
Oh, yeah, me too.
We love, we love critical actors, we love farming, we love farming, creature collectors, like what's there, what's there not to like, I don't know, I'll tell you once I've played it.
like it is a yeah yeah okay I mean it's it's it's Stardew-like we're in a Stardew-like territory heavily we got a town villagers but here's the thing and honestly I'm kind of surprised we haven't seen it before everyone's animals it's all animals I love that there's a monkey jumping around and a Alama guy and Brewster guy you I don't know
what you are you're some kind of alien thing the player character I can't I can't quite tell you're crash landing from space and you're like a white blob it's hard to tell but I'm looking it looks cute it looks fun and the I don't know how these creatures are working it's kind of poofing onto the farm but I think they can interact with your farm so that's cool I'm down for this yeah animal star dude nobody I'm down now wait wait oh November 6th they've released it already planted oh I like that it's good that's exciting that's close I can live with that and wait see how ZA will be oh no that means I can't play oh no
- Yeah.
Oh yes, it's coming November 6th. Surprise!
Well, yeah, but it all been like what nearly three weeks
If if ZA is great yeah, you might still be playing by that point, but if it's not you won't be
well okay well okay here's the thing hold on wait wait let me see what is the date for
because right now like gaming wise my life has kind of gotten locked down
Talk to me, tell me.
because here's the thing we get ZA in October and it's that until you know November 20th 'cause then air riders comes out.
Oh, yes. I forget about Eric, because I'm not, I'm not, I'm not on the
Well, train well, yeah.
Airriders, uh, train, right? Like I, I might play it at some point, but I'm not like, I'm not buying a day one. Yeah.
Well, okay, we got air riders.
And then Pocopoeia comes out 2026 and then my life will just be alternating between these two games for the forever.
You're just assuming that it's like super early in 2026.
No, I don't care. No, no, no, no, I'm not assuming that.
I'm assuming I will be playing air riders until the moment that goes.
Wait.
So I just realized there's a
reason they've given us this game, they've told us about this game. Now, because if it's coming out next year, no, no, no, no, we definitely are. There's no way we're not getting a new game next year. Come on, there's the 30th anniversary. No, no, I think I think two things. One, they want to focus on the new game on next year at the, you know, Gen 10, wherever it is going to be. They want to focus on that
Oh, we're not getting a Pokemon next year, are we? That's what you're seeing.
Oh, is it? Oh, they're mine. You're right. I'm wrong. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. Yeah.
year's Pokemon direct on Pokemon day. But also, I think if this game wasn't coming out in Q1,
they would just tell us about it existing on Pokemon day. Why else would they tell us at this point? I don't think they would tell us about this game just now if it's coming out Q2 or 3 or 4, right?
Yeah, well, it's gonna come on the first half. That's clear because you're you're right. I forgot about that because
I think this coming out Q1, I think this might be coming out in February.
Second half there. That's dedicated to new game Pokemon time
So anything else that's gonna come out. You're right. It's gonna be first half. Maybe Q1. I think that's likely
Maybe Pokemon day that'd be dope. Oh my goodness. That'd be that'd be the highest one since
What if they don't announce the release date?
Until Pokemon Day and they're like,
It's just shadow drop it. Oh my gosh. I scream
Now we're going to be disappointed when they don't do that, right?
Come out be fine. I can I can live either way. That would be good though
Anyways, the point being Cosmic coop like as cute as you are you have a very narrow window to exist
So and it looks like you might hit it. So good for you
Yeah fair
We shall see all depends on how good ZA is let's let's
It depends on which on me I'll be elements looks good. Will the game be good? I don't know that part
I like looking about Z. I like thinking about Z. Yeah
Yeah.
Like playing it and bad when you may have to do that. I don't know
We shall see.
games aren't out yet. You know what else isn't out yet? I mean, it is, but it really isn't the same time. Starbirds!
All right. Let's talk about Starbird, shall we? Okay. So,
quick intro to this before I get into my standard complaints, and then we'll talk about the actual game.
So this is a base building asteroid management game. Is that a fair description of it?
I've wouldn't say bass building. I would say well, I guess if you want to say that it's I want to say it's resource again factorial satisfactory type resource management on asteroids. So it is like and small little asteroids. So the size and space like the physicality of the asteroids is a factor.
Oh, you're building lots of bases.
I do want to.
Yes.
Fair.
You're a bunch of birds traveling through space exploring. That's that's the premise of the game.
And you're come to a field of asteroids and you use their resources to generate stuff to explore a thing basically.
And why was I tricked into playing early access games? You know, I don't like the list. It's the day.
Cool
I think you'll find Kevin I said these things are coming out and you said I want to play Starbirds and I said okay, let's do Starbirds then I
Yeah, but nobody says early access.
Will see so um
Did I not see I should I said it was early access. Yes. Mmm anyway, it doesn't matter doesn't matter I
You probably did. I don't remember either way. I tricked myself. I played myself here.
I Will say foreign early access and obviously every early access is going to have limitations somewhere. It doesn't feel buggy. It's not buggy
It's
Yeah, that is I was about to say that it is working well.
for an early access, which I don't expect from my early access games.
They have done the thing that I've said time and time again the early access needs to do and it's what uber it's did it is
Build out your game make it polished
But just make a small section of it
Because otherwise you go into and go oh, this is horrible and you run away and you never come back to it
Whereas what you need to do is you need to make it polished enough to people go I really like that. I want more, please
But obviously there's always problems with that we have you know comments about
access all the time having said that I have one big issue with this which I'm sure you'll have other issues But my one big issue is the control support is terrible on this game. This is always my issue with these things
Oh, you know what, I didn't even think about controllers, because I'm playing a resource like as much as I love controllers and I've got, you know, I've been clear about that on this show like it's my go-to, I don't play PC games, generally speaking of keyboard and mouse, a resource management, I think I don't even, it's the opposite, I don't even consider control is because I'm.
Yep, yeah
Yeah. So. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. So I get that. And this was going to be my, my, my point is that this, I'm less annoyed about this as I am about other games because I get this is a really hard game to make controller support work for.
How does it work? How do you connect the pipes?
But. Well, let me get, let me get that to you, right? My problem is when you go, let me get the exact wording because when you go to the steam page every game has our.
point and on the steam page, and it says, vowel testing indicates that star birds is playable on steam deck, which means that it has some good things and some bad things, and it will say, oh, this game, sometimes sure is most keyboard or non steam deck controller icons. Okay. Sure. Fine.
That's an annoying thing that you just have to deal with sometimes, especially in early access where it's like, the controllers will work, but it will show you like, press the Y key and you're like, what is the.
the order, so you press the R.
And you're like, but what is mapped to the R.
Can you? And that's an annoying thing, but that's something that is what it is.
I'm used to that entering some text requires manually invoking the on string keyboard.
Again, I'm used to that.
You press the steam key and the right trigger and it brings up the keyboard.
I know how to do that.
I'm used to that.
Some in-game text is small and maybe difficult to read.
Sure, I have good eyes.
I make things smaller on my phone than anybody ever likes.
People will see my phone all the time and they go,
like so small and I go, because I want it to be small.
Get glasses if you can't read it.
And then it says this is these are the good things.
All functionality is accessible when using the default controller configuration and the games default graphics configuration performance.
Steam deck.
That last one is true.
The second one is technically true.
But here's the problem.
The best kind of true.
Here's the problem.
All functionality is accessible while using it.
And the default controller configuration, and this allowed me into a false sense of security, and went, "Oh, great, they've got controller support!"
Not really!
Not really do they have controller support.
Because essentially, most of the game you're playing is using either the analog stick or the touchpad as a mouse.
Don't you love it when games do that.
And I'm like, I now, having looked closer, I noticed that it doesn't have the little icon that most games have.
But I feel like this should be wrapped up into the Steam Deck compatibility thing, like, yes, technically, all functionality is accessible.
But you know how annoying it is to use the touchpad to be like, "I'm going to connect these two things between them, and I'm going to be moving the planet at the same time."
I can't even imagine
Like, duh, there's horror, but do not play this. On Steam Deck, it's dreadful, and I'm like, "Just don't pretend! Don't pretend!"
Like, I get that not all games can work like that.
I understand that. But don't pretend like it is good. It's not. All functionality accessible, brackets, but terrible.
Right? Like, I don't know why you would make it seem like this is a good game to play on the Steam Deck.
The only things it complains about are icons might look weird. You might need to manually add the keyboard, and some text is small.
That is a standard list of things that I see when I'm playing games on Steam Deck, and I'm like, "Yeah, I'm used to those things!"
I can deal with those things. But what it doesn't tell you is the game is played 99% with the touchpad as a mouse. That's not fun. No one wants to do that.
Nope. Oh, that's rough. I didn't even
And the worst part is this game doesn't even play on Mac, so I couldn't even play it on my Mac. So what I was doing was taking my Steam Deck up to my mouse, keyboard, and mouse. Sorry, my keyboard and mouse at my desk.
and the monitors so I could actually play the game.
Oh my goodness
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know it's my fault. I know blah, blah, blah. You don't have to tell me
I mean, well no, I will say in this sort of game. They should
This is like the very fringe case for it. You know, I just don't do the controller support right or or save it for
And they clearly haven't and they clearly haven't right? The game doesn't pretend that you actually you load up the game And you're immediately showing this is this is doesn't have controllers aboard. It's the Steam page
Yeah, or save it
Yeah, exactly and yeah, don't do it and don't
That don't do it and don't pretend like you're going to
do it. That's fine unless you know, maybe you do a console release or whatever. But anyway, but for now, especially for early access, just say, no, don't, don't play. Do the opposite. Say, don't play control or support. We anti-support it. Yeah, so yeah, that's fair. It should be clear that don't play this with the controller. Oh, gosh, I can't even imagine like, even using a mouse. I don't like how it's placed the pipes.
All right, well, let's let's talk about the game. Let's talk about the game as a whole. Let's get your thoughts on it
Okay. Yeah. Oh, let me check steam. Actually, I'm curious. I have played two point one hours. There you go. And I, the reason I haven't played more, it's like, okay.
How much time you put into this game so far. Let's let's go go
Because I think I've maybe put in two hours
So that's what I'm sitting at oh
Wow, nice. What about the same fantastic?
I'm, this is all the asterisk of early access, right? The hope that things could get better, right? And it's not like what's here is bad per se. I think, like we talked about, I think it's actually quite nice, like the polish, the game runs well functions for an early access game. It works well. It does its stuff. The art direction. I do like it. It's colorful. It's cartoony. I think it wasn't Spencer.
It's the standard cuts, because that's our direction.
Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, it's, it's, it's great visually. It's fantastic. The resource management is, is fine. I think for the most part, like, I, you know, you, you start off every asteroid. You have to put a landing pad in a
If you've watched any of their videos on YouTube, this is basically that, right?
Which, yeah, I really love to watch the videos and the visuals are a huge part of that.
it's, it's, you know, it's, it's, I don't think it's anything like super groundbreaking that I can think of. So, it's fine. For me, the problem is, and the reason I only have two hours is,
a reason to keep playing, like there's no big objective, like the incentivization isn't there for me, right? Like I feel like I'm just crafting stuff for the sake of crafting stuff. Like they kind of give you a goal at the beginning, but it's, how should I put this? There's no, there's no stakes. There's no time. They, they get you give you at the grade at the end. And that's, that's one problem. Like I don't think they're very clear about their grading until you get the grade. Um, but, uh, it's just like, okay, here's, you know, make this, this material. Here are the steps to do it. Just go do it. And I, I do it. And, and, yeah, you clear the stage. That's it. Um, so that, for me, that's probably the biggest thing. Like I'm just not feeling the, the, what's the point? What's the overall objective?
Just they're not selling me on it so far. Um, and, and maybe they can get there because like I said, every, the, the parts they have in there are functioning. The game works well. Um, so I don't know. That's, that's my thoughts. There's a lot of good here, but I'm just struggling to find the reason to really play it. What about you? What are your thoughts?
Yeah, I mean, obviously I have issues with the, you know, the playing it in and of itself, right?
Like I, it's fine once you hook up the stuff, but that's not how I like to play games, right?
Like, and maybe I should have expected this when I'm playing a resource management game.
You know, we've talked about resource management games before and they're not my most favorite type of game.
I feel like it was something that
I liked when I was younger and it's something that I want to like, right?
Like I was a big, I was a big sim city guy, I was a big rollercoaster tycoon guy,
and that style of, you know, click and drag and like, Debbie, Debbie, that sort of thing,
I've really liked then and the sims as well, similar sort of gameplay feel.
And I never really got into things like factorial or other similar things,
but I feel like I probably would...
have liked them back then, but the thing is that's just not like how I like to play games anymore, right?
And that's fine. I guess the problem is that I, for some reason, look to this one, I love the look at this game.
I want to play this and it says it works on the Steam Deck, so therefore let's go for it, and maybe I'll actually manage to enjoy a resource management game on my couch, but that isn't how it worked out.
So that I think colors a lot.
I think you're totally fair about it does feel very much like you're here to resource farm. Why to resource farm? Like why wouldn't you want to do that? And I suspect that's where the missing stuff is and that's going to come with later versions.
You're right, the graphics are great. The game feels nice as we talked about. Like it doesn't feel buggy.
But I'm just not enthused to continue playing it because I'm like, okay, but why? You know, and that's a problem.
Yeah, yeah. And this is part of it too, where it's such a small scale thing, like I can't believe it was only two hours I played, because I played, I think four sectors they called it,
like the stage is basically. And it's just basically the same thing on repeat, just, you know,
different flavors of resources or whatever. You know, they teach you a new mechanic or two,
like here, built this is a combined certain resources, yeah, but it's basically,
plops something, collect the resources, pop another thing, connect them with the pipe, and then send it to the right place. And you're just doing that on repeat. So that's, that's very hard to stay engaged in.
Yeah, the things that you're harvesting change, but not the gameplay, not the way you do them.
But yeah
Like I think the add us a second thing, which is like you put water into it and it does something else.
Yeah, yeah, it's yeah, it is just a different button on the menu that you click on instead of you know You put the second type extractor some of the first one that's lit. That's it. There is no. Yeah, there's no
But it's really just like another pipe.
Right?
It doesn't actually change the gameplay at all.
Yeah, no change in the gameplay between the different resources or whatever
um and like
It's very weird because you know all the stuff there isn't bad like I think it's a solid foundation But I guess this is what it's early access right like they have to flesh out
What they're trying to do and they have like a little story They have little cutscenes with the cute art of the birds talking and that's fun and all but
It's not translating to the actual gameplay
Um, you know, I don't know and and like it's
Maybe part of it is like I said, there's no sense of stakes like there's no
state Um, per se Like maybe you can run out of money to build stuff I guess but that's one hard to do and just just reset but
Not really because it's like the first time you run out money. It's like oh, here's your little buggy that can go make you more money And you're like, okay
Yeah, oh you can
Yeah, I forgot about that. Yeah, you're right. You can just pick up money off the ground. Yeah. Yeah, you're right
It just it just stops it being automatic and it means you just have to do a little bit of a manual thing in your own, okay?
Yeah, you're right. You're right. If totally forgot about that. Yeah, so yeah, there's no fail state. There's no
clock or anything um
It's it's take all the time on earth you need and you can just you know they'll give you a list of different objectives or resources to go for But you can do them all one at a time and just take your time doesn't matter
Like I said, you get a grading at the end, but it's it's they don't show you those like the How they're grading you at the beginning or whatever
So yeah, I don't know It's, it's, it's, it's.
Just needs that reason to keep going. That's the biggest thing, which is a shame because I do like all the stuff that's there. I like the art. I like the, the, the physicality, the way you, because you have to rotate the asteroids to find a place to pop down your, your, your extractors or your launch pads or whatever.
And that's kind of fun. And, and, and, you know, maybe if they went further, it becomes more of a challenge, you know, fitting everything on one asteroid. But right now it's not. It's just not.
not. So, yeah.
The foundation here. It's early access again, right? That's the big asterisk. And I think there is hope for this game because what is here? I think is pretty solid, especially for early access.
So, you know, maybe 1.0, it'll be good. I don't know what else it says.
Yeah, yeah, and I think it could be really good if they managed to get that sick because okay, so
You know, yeah, it's a crucial the
Angry reviewer he did the zero punctuation
You know the guy I'm talking like
- Yeah, I think so, yes.
He swears a lot in his reviews of games
His thing his big thing is he talks about
And I'm sure lots of other people talk about this as well but like he's the person I had talked about this so don't come up and tell me oh it's a standard game development thing I'm not a game developer so sharp he talks about how like you have to have the core gameplay loop and which this game does it has the loop of connecting things and and building up that money but then to make a good game you have to have a secondary and a tertiary gameplay loop as well and those have to build into each other and create this larger game that actually makes you want to keep doing because it's all very well and good having like You know, think about it like
with Mario the primary gameplay of loop is moving side to side and jumping, right? And that and that in Mario feels great. But if that's all there was and there wasn't any level system and progression to that, you would get bored in that game super quickly.
Yeah. That's...
So you need to have that secondary gameplay loop and you need to have the character gameplay loop to make you actually want to continue playing a game for more than two hours.
That's an excellent point, right? Like if they just had a big overall goal of like, you know,
filling up a progress bar to discovering this thing or creating different pieces for a big thing,
you know, that would at least engage me a little more just term, you know, wanting to cross off the check marks or whatever. But, but you're right, like there's, there's no, there's nothing between the levels to make me feel like they're connected or any reason.
I just do the level to do it again. That's literally it. It's a very good point. Yeah
Yeah exactly exactly and there's no second for your tertiary thing to do with the money right you're building you're getting the money to spend the money to get the money to spend the money right where is like if you think about like stargy you make the money but then you spend that money on other things building up your farm in different ways where is this is like you're spending your money on doing the same thing again.
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, it's true Oh man, this is just like no man's sky when it first came out. It's literally the same thing
Yeah, the difference.
The difference is that no one's kind of pretended it was pretty pretended it wasn't early access. If no one's guy had released as an early access, I feel like it's press would have been so much better. That's you're absolutely right though, like that game was looked great. And, you know, as far as I'm aware, I never played it. As far as I'm aware, like the actual movement and stuff was good. It's just that it didn't have anything on top of that and it upsold you on so many things exactly.
Yeah, oh, yeah, you're right. You're right. Oh my gosh
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, it's the same problem. You didn't what was the point of doing anything
You landed on the planet to gather the resources to get off the planet. That's all it was
Man oh no, man's guy
Did you I just all right aside, but did you see the new one that they they came out with?
Was it no no fire no something I don't ring their new game. Did you see it the the hello games?
I have not, no, actually.
Hold on look it up
Light no fire. It's it's basically
Don't man sky but fantasy like dragons medieval
Okay, right. Uh-huh.
It looks just like no man sky, but it's it's all it did you write dragons. That's all
Anyways, but
Yeah, Starbirds. It's it's yeah, basically like no. It's but it's early access. You're right. That's the big thing, right? Like they're not pretending
So hey no man Skype
we got a lot better there's probably hope for this game too I feel like I say this a lot because I don't know why it happens I see it a lot in college core games they get a lot of the hard parts right they got charm they got a great visual style right there the mechanics quirk well it's not broken like those are very hard things to do and they've already got it right just you're missing you know one or two important pieces so you know you they can just.
Yeah. Yeah.
give me a reason to care to keep playing I think this will be a slam dunk but.
I think that's the thing and this is where we get into just our regular point of
Early access is a flawed system and I don't think I'm I'm not doing a journey. I'm not saying it shouldn't exist
I am. No, I'm kidding. It should exist.
I do think that a lot of games would do better with demos. Would I feel better about this if this was a demo versus early access?
Probably mainly because I wouldn't be spending the money on this point, right? Like we
on this game and now we're not gonna play it and maybe we'll come back to it later or maybe we won't because we'll be on Something else. That's the fundamental problem with early access is you're essentially it's essentially kickstarter
Yeah, it is. It really is.
Right, it's kickstarter, but you're also gonna play the game as soon as you buy it and then that might lead to you never playing it again
because you're just like, oh fine, whatever and I'm kind of I
Maybe six months ago, but trying not to kickstart as much because I think it's not good for me
Yeah. Yeah.
As a person. I don't think it's good for me as my game. I like I spend a lot of money and then don't
play the games
Yeah, that's fair.
And I've actually done really well with that like I have I've kickstarted one
Yeah, good for you.
Game this year and that was the autonomica, which I was always going to kickstart because like that's a whole other thing
sure. Yeah, I know that that's fair. I think I was this year. Thank you. Is that the one you kickstarted right after you said you were going to kickstart? Oh, was it? Oh, okay.
Cause I don't think I think monster patch was last year, or was that this year as well, so this was March, so this was before I said I was going to stop kick-starting things.
Okay.
Autonomica was the one that I kick-started after I said I was going to stop.
So I've kick-started two games this year, only one after I said I was going to stop kick-starting things.
But I do think the pit monster patch is different because that's very much like
funding our indie game developer, you know, like I think that that feels different. That's me giving my money to him and going, please, yeah, go make a make a game, please. And, you know, that's a different thing. Whereas, autonomica definitely didn't need my money, right? They have, you know, a lot of money. So like they got a million dollars in their, their Kickstarter. So I'm trying to kick
It's Sean Young.
It is, and it...
Yes, yeah.
And he has credibility.
Hehehehe.
Yeah. (laughs)
me and I'm trying to never kickstart. No, I say that. Monster patch got half a million in his Kickstarter. Oh, my words. Goodness me. There you go. Yeah. I would love to see how much money, um, concern date would kickstart if he ever did a kickstarter.
Well, hey, that's when you have a guy who has crud, you have a name in it.
Um, he's never going to, and he probably shouldn't and he doesn't because he doesn't need to, but I would just love to see I wonder how much we
Oh, no, I want, I want to see, if he can, I want to see if he can to throw on the critical rolls, could kickstarter.
did it be the biggest Kickstarter ever? Yeah. Yeah, I just,
That's what I want to see, I want to see the Titans fight, that's, I want to see it.
that's the thing, I like it could, it could, it could end up being the biggest Kickstarter ever. Who would make a bigger Kickstarter if they launched one in 2025, concern date or team
I want to feel the earth's rotation, you know, orbit shift because of all the money concentrating in his pockets.
No, I didn't, no one on earth is going, if Team Shuri came out right now with a kickstarter,
everyone say, hell no, like eventually, but not right now.
Come on, let don't don't pretend anything really you don't you really don't think they were
Oh, no, I, no.
I, I know, okay, they would, but no, concerned they would crush it, they crush it,
because like, oh yeah, no, yeah, oh absolutely like.
you think?
Silksong broke every story it was in.
I know, I, I, I know they liked it, but like, you know what, no forget, I want to see the to it. I'd love to...
I think you underestimate how big, how much people like it.
to see them have the audacity of soaks on just released.
The absolute, well, this is the thing is I think the same about them as I think about concern date, neither of them should do a Kickstarter. Mainly because they don't need to,
Here's our new Kickstarter.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, they don't need
right? But also because I think it would put too much pressure on them. I think that,
actually, that's the reason that concern date probably hasn't done it for
no. I don't think anyone can put more pressure than he does on himself. I don't think it'll factor it.
Onto Jocoteers because he doesn't want the pressure of that.
well no I i don't think that the pressure would actually increase your mother people necessary I think there already is a lot of pressure that people have on him I think it's more like he doesn't want his own pressure of that like if he's if he's taking money from people he feels he owes them something.
Well, I
Don't think so because he's not taking money from people and he still feels like he was there
Yes, and taking money would make it worse
Maybe maybe to but here's the thing. Well, I mean well team cherry's not gonna feel it. They care about it during silks
Come on, of course it would
They're they're well, yeah, they they don't have that pressure They I think that yeah, they took they took money from people for so long and they still take it forever
They have the opposite problem
Yeah, yeah, it's exactly. Yeah, it's great. Yeah, yeah, it's great.
They have they have the opposite problem while having the same effect, which is that they release games once a decade
But but for a different reason right like they're they're just having too much fun developing it and like bigger or bigger bigger Whereas I think the concern date once is a perfectionist and once it wants to release a perfect thing
Yeah. Yeah. It's great. Oh my gosh. Oh, there are. There are. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. There are.
But it both means that they just take forever to release things
There's actually a lot of similarities between concern Dave and team Jenny when you think about it
They, they, didn't we make the memes on the discord of the of the the the the handshaking me. Anyways, but yeah.
always something I can't remember a lose track as so many we may I make a lot of memes. Oh, that's what it was. Yeah, that's what it was. Yeah. Yeah. But I just when you think about it, there's more and more similarities between them, but also differences at the same time, right?
Dear, I've been pretty sure it's a dear god you can stop working on the game.
Yeah. Yeah. There are. There are. But look. Oh man. I'm just thinking.
Because specifically in my brain I'm thinking concerned it comes out of the game.
And he just called it Stardew Valley Two. That's the Kickstarter.
Well, yeah, I mean he has talked about the idea of doing a starchy value to
How can anyone touch it?
I don't think anything on Earth could touch that.
I yeah, I don't know
It feels if I feel like it would do a lot similarly to some like I think there's a lot of similarities between them I
Just like I I honestly don't know
Whether it would be like I mean it would obviously be it would hit his goal within seconds, right?
We know there's that's fine, blah, blah, blah.
But my question is like, "How high would it go?" That's my question.
Yeah, oh, yeah, for sure. That's that's absolutely the question. How many mill can we hit not seven, can we hit eight digits, tens of millions, maybe. Yeah. Oh my gosh, I want to see that happen. That's our, yep, that's our takeaway from star bird.
I'm fascinated by that.
Oh, oh for sure
But I yeah, anyway fascinating conversation kickstarter is weird early access is weird
I'm not saying that either of them are necessarily bad, but I think there might be an overliance on that on it and it's a complicated one and
I want this game to be good and
The primary gameplay loop as mentioned is good
more
We I mean the perfect example of this is a week ago. I said to Kevin Oh, I think I might need so I think we might need some more time
Yup, and I think the same day, so next day, yeah, and what's funny, and what's funny is I thought you just outright hit yourself because I am played at that moment actually and then I played it later
Before this episode because I've not even started playing the game yet
So let's delay let's delay a week. No, it wasn't the same day. It was it was a couple of days later You came to me and said so should we do this week and I'm like yeah
Probably I think I've played enough to have an opinion on this. Yeah
It's like I hadn't even started playing it before we delayed it and then undelate it
myself, like, "Oh, oh, this is quite!" Yeah, yeah, we played it, we literally, we've exhausted the material, I don't know what else to say.
Yeah, because it's not that it's not that I hate it. It's just we played the entire game basically
It's it's it's it's like if you had a Pokemon game and you started playing it and you're like you catch a Pokemon and then
You catch a Pokemon
you mean pokemon go in the first release no not even that because that had like that
Well, no, but like there's limited Pokemon like if all the Pokemon just like they look different but they
and they had different names, but they didn't do anything. You were just
watching it and it was just there, and then there was nowhere to go with them, and nothing to do with them, and battles didn't exist.
You were just, there was one grassy area, and you went in there and you caught a Pokemon, and that was it, you would get very bored of that very quickly.
Like, yeah.
We... hmm... I want it to...
I want this game to be good. Make it good. Please and thank you, and my thoughts on early access are as complicated as ever.
well it's game dev is an easy cue the the Sakurai big sigh the groan all right
Yeah, it's it's honestly it's impressive anytime any game ever releases
yeah really is and you know hey we live in the post soaksong world anything is possible Anything
Can't believe we've got silk song before GTA 6. All right
Thank you Kevin for joining me for an interesting episode
I'm on the Twitter, I'm on Twitter sadly, but I still am.
Is there anything you would like to say to the audience?
And here's the thing though, when we had the release of the new Megas or whatever, was intended wasn't it when we got the new ones the all the starters come out
- Yeah.
I see on Twitter now which isn't the way it's in a bad thing but it's just hilarious because obviously there's a lot of that but go go for my feet you want to see retreating a bunch of Pokemon fan art that's all it is these days
- Yes, yes it was, that was wild.
There are worse things, there are worse things, especially on X.
and only there are much worse things. Yes, it is us. Oh, yep. Okay, what do we go?
Find the podcast on Tumblr and Blue Sky at THS pod.
You can send us feedback, send us feedback.
Please send us feedback is great to hear feedback.
We like that, it's fun.
I think the problem is that most people who interact with the podcast,
They're all patrons, so they all...
We'll talk on this lack.
You know what? I think your problem is you call it feedback. It's asked stupid questions. That's what the information says. I want that male bags are fun.
Ask us stupid questions. Yeah, I'm planning a Q&A episode.
So go on to the go on to the website, go on to the website, click there, send us what is the link.
Go on to the website, click contact, click on contact.
You know, update it to say ask a stupid questions out on people do it.
The contact form on the website is broken, apparently.
Yeah, yeah, oh, yeah.
I'm going to fix that.
How long has that been broken for my word?
Oh, no, don't think about it.
Oh, that's dreadful. I'm so sorry to anyone who's been trying to contact us.
That doesn't think about it, just fix it.
Oh, no, all of the stupid questions we didn't get.
That's amazing.
No! (laughs)
All right, I'm going to fix that. Hopefully I'll fix that before this episode comes out.
[laughs]
So click on the contact, or maybe I'll change it to ask us a stupid question.
Yeah, oh, yes, do it.
in. Click on that. Send us send us some.
Yeah.
some questions or tell us our thing. Tell us why you think we're wrong a bit something. Go to that. You can do that on the website, hopefully.
Well, well, ooh, do that when I was good.
That's a good one, I like that.
When it's a, it do time, and hopefully shortly.
Or, hold on, you know what's not broken or you can still do all that.
All right, the subscription pages broken as well. When did this happen?
Here.
Oh, no!
Well, go to patreon.com, that website presumably still works.
Yeah, it does. The link works on the website to the paper.
Go to THS, there you go, go to the patreon subscribe.
So go subscribe to the patreon, you'll get access to our slack, where, where you can, yeah, send us lots of stupid things.
Get access, you can tell us plenty of stupid things there.
Directly, you can DM out, it'll ping him.
If you get notification on his phone,
there's a stupid question in box.
Yeah. For some reason, you can. You also get access to our bonus episodes of the podcast,
[laughs]
including the recent insect kaiju episode, which was great. And we have an upcoming one that we have just recorded about the all talking about all of the superhero films that released this year,
Yeah.
Yep.
It's...
Yeah.
all of which I have watched, except one, none of which Kevin has watched, but he still has opinions,
Yeah!
[laughs]
I do.
But human opinions also.
[laughs]
Oh, yeah, we have multiple arguments on that.
And, okay, you know, here I'll give you the preview.
The free sneak peek folks.
The biggest, divisive matter is the Superman squirrel.
[laughs]
Oh, okay.
Hey, wait, do we not do an episode of the Nintendo Direct?
Or was it just on the episode last week, basically?
Yeah, no, we didn't I don't think there was a huge amount to talk about other than Pocopey
I'm so excited to pay for my grains for the virtual boy every penny will be worth it
It was so stupid.
You know the weird, the stupidest thing, the stupidest thing about that is they didn't think let's improve the hardware.
No, no, that'd be a mistake. I agree that
They thought let's keep it bad, let's keep the stupid stand, we won't make it hand held, we won't give it a strap to add to your head, it's just this stupid thing sitting on the desk.
Yes
That's the point ow, I wouldn't be interested. I want the money back guarantee. I'll get the migraine
Oh my words, I mean look, look I am a sucker, of course I'm gonna buy it.
That's what I want give that is
It's the bottom of the barrel. That's that's where I threw
Alright, I think that was everything, thank you Kevin for joining me, thank you listeners for listening and until next time, have a good harvest.
my bry valve. All right. Thank you all for having me on. Have a good heart.
The Harvest Season is created by Al McHenry with support from our patrons, including our pro-farmers Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Our art is done by Micah the Brave and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Feel free to visit our website harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed in this episode.
Okay, bye. All right wait. No. Oh, you know what? No, no, I had one comment
Here's here's my thing post president you you mentioned when it's on about Starbirds about the Pokemon going into the grass over and over right Just do it again. Well to you sir. I say don't you shiny hunt
Wow
Wow, but the but the second this tertiary loop for that is my my shiny living decks
Okay, I'm done
You get the you get yeah, yeah
And and the thing is that I I don't enjoy enough to do it regularly that I go through periods of like I am going to hunt now And then like two weeks later. I don't do it for six months
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, they're enough
Okay, short. Okay, you know what but that's you you have that goal. There's a lot of people there who don't
I've got less than 90 pokemon left for my shiny living decks
Oh that oh good heavens though
My aim is to finish it before Gen 10 comes out
We're gonna celebrate.
We're gonna celebrate with intervention when you do how.
Well, the problem is then Gen 10 comes out got a whole other book of decks to get
Yeah, yeah, that's what the intervention is for.
Gonna be great Never ending literally never ending
It's stop you.
Oh, goodness.